Hi there.
Today we're going
to find out about clouds.
Yes.
Fluffy ones like this
are cumulus clouds.
- Interesting, Bert.
And the wispy ones?
- Yeah!
Oh, those are cirrus clouds,
Ernie.
And that dark one
is called a cumulonimbus.
Gee, Bert!
Look at all the rain
coming out of it, Bert.
Mmm? I don't see
any rain, Ernie.
- Look closer.
Hee hee hee hee!
Watch for more clouds today
on "Sesame Street."
Kids:
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Sunny day,
sweeping the clouds away ♪
♪ On my way to where
the air is sweet ♪
♪ Where the air
is sweet ♪
♪ Can you tell me
how to get ♪
♪ How to get
to Sesame Street? ♪
Sesame Street!
Chris:
OK. Let's see. Here, and...
how's that?
Good? Excellent. All right.
Good, good, good.
Oh! Hey, welcome
to Sesame Street.
Boy, talk about sunny days.
Today is a scorcher!
It's really hot outside.
Mr. Johnson: Hey, Chris!
Where's my salad?
Coming right up,
Mr. Johnson.
Ohh.
...over there. Oh, and this
right here is Hooper's Store.
Oh, they make
the best smoothies here.
- Oh, it's wonderful!
- Yeah.
Ha ha ha!
Oh, hiya, Chris.
Hey, Elmo.
Who's your friend?
Oh, this is
Elmo's friend, Floatie.
- She's a cloud.
- Mm-hmm.
- Uh-huh.
But shouldn't you
be up in the sky?
- I want to find a job.
- Yeah.
- Coming, Mr. Johnson.
- Ha ha!
- Hey, I have to go,
but, hey, welcome
to Sesame Street.
- Oh, thank you.
- See you later, Chris.
- Ha ha ha!
- Yeah.
What kind of job would
Floatie like to have?
Mmm. Well,
I'm not sure, Elmo,
but I am sure that I want
to help people.
- Did I hear someone say--
- All: Ohh!
No,
Elmo didn't say, "Ohh!"
- Yeah, neither did I.
- I'm so sorry.
It's very slippery here.
Lots of water, for some reason.
Oh.
Well, that's my fault.
I'm just so excited
to be here on Sesame Street,
I, uh--ha ha!-- I guess
I rained a little.
I'm sorry.
You rain?
- Well, yeah.
- Rain comes from clouds.
- That's right, Elmo.
When the rain comes down
from the sky,
it comes from clouds like me.
Well, that certainly
explains all the bubbles.
- Yeah.
- At any rate,
did I hear you say
you wanted a job?
Oh! I do!
Well, then look no more.
I, Grover Monster, know about
all the jobs on Sesame Street.
I have to.
I've had 'em all.
Oh, ho ho! So Grover can
really help Floatie?
Of course! Follow me!
- Oh, ho ho!
- Whoa! Oh!
Watch the puddles.
Right.
Ha ha ha.
- Come on, Floatie,
let's go.
- Ohh!
I know the perfect job
for someone
so white and fluffy and puffy.
- OK, OK.
I will give you a hint.
It involves hopping
and skipping through fields,
taking part in nursery rhymes
and fairy tales,
and helping people
to go to sleep.
Oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh!
A sheep!
Correct! Yes!
That is right!
Ha ha ha!
I mean, are you sure?
Yeah.
We'll call you, OK?
All right. Oh.
Ne-e-e-ext.
Oh, that is us.
Come on now.
Sit yourself down.
Do not be nervous.
Um, uh, Floatie,
do you have any experience at
being part of a flock of sheep?
Does she have
experience?
Does she have experience?
Do you have experience?
Well, not really.
I've never really been
with a group of sheep.
I've mostly just gone
where the wind takes me.
Drifted around, huh?
All right. No permanent address.
But she is here now,
and she will make
a wonderful addition
to any flock of sheep.
Say, "Baa."
- Pretty good.
- Aha! Silly me!
For a moment, I thought
you two switched places.
You sounded so much alike.
Ha ha ha ha!
Well, I will admit,
you look like a sheep, Floatie,
but, uh, do you have wool?
Wool?
Yeah. You know, wool,
like this.
You know, sheep have wool.
That's what people use
to make socks and sweaters.
Well, clouds do look wooly,
but actually we're water.
It's true. I'm made up
of thousands
of tiny drops of water
floating in air.
- Mm-hmm.
- That is fascinating.
- Uh, no.
- Ahhh!
I'm afraid I'm looking
for an actual sheep.
You know, one who gives
wool and all. Sorry.
Oh, boy. Come on.
Let's go, guys.
- It's OK. It's OK.
- Oh. You're not looking for
furry red monsters, are you?
- No. Sorry.
- Have a good day.
Well, that
didn't go very well.
Oh, Floatie,
don't worry.
You know, Elmo tries
lots of things,
but they don't always work
the first time.
Or the 15th.
Floatie just needs
to keep trying.
Yeah, yeah,
and what is more,
I have an even better job
in mind for you!
- Come on!
Oh, ne-e-ext.
Yeah!
Ha ha ha-- Whoa! Ooh!
Ha ha ha ha! Hmm?
- You are hired.
- Oh, hee hee hee hee!
Oh, now you're
very helpful, Floatie,
and I would love to hire you
to work here, but, uh--
My laundry does smell
like springtime rain,
but it's still damp.
Oh, now, don't you fret
your pretty little face,
Mrs. Crustworthy.
We'll get everything
nice and dry for you.
- Oh, I should hope so.
- Oh, this is my fault.
I should not have tried
to fold laundry.
Oh, not at all,
not at all.
Well, yeah, sort of a little.
You see the problem?
The customers want their laundry
to come back nice and dry.
Yeah, but since clouds
are made of water, I made...
Both: ...everything wet.
- Yeah, well...
Oh, well, it's OK.
Floatie tried.
Do not worry.
I, Grover, have just thought
of the perfect job for you.
Follow me!
Aha, dessert. Ha!
Wait a minute.
What is this, Chris, soup?
Uh, no,
that's your ice cream.
Why did you bring me
melted ice cream, Chris?
I didn't mean to.
It's just so hot and sunny.
Ohh. You can
say that again.
But hey, don't worry.
I'll get you a fresh bowl, OK?
- Oh, please do.
- All right.
Yeah, we could really use
some shade around here.
- Yeah.
- Ha ha ha ha!
We'll just
buckle this here, and...
- Yeah.
- There!
What am I wearing?
You, my friend,
are wearing the uniform
of a most important
and helpful person--
a crossing guard.
That's right.
A crossing guard
is somebody
who helps people
cross the street.
- Here comes somebody now!
- Right this way.
Follow the crossing guard.
Floatie:
Oh! Whoa! Whoa!
Where's Floatie going?
Whoa! I can't help it!
It's the wind!
- Well,
clouds move with the wind.
I can't stop!
Oh, whoa!
What's this?
Please, I want to eat in peace.
I didn't expect to be
surrounded by wild animals.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's my fault. I-- I-- Whoa!
I'm blowing into the store!
- Whoa!
- There she goes.
Whoa! Whoa!
Come down! Stop!
Come down! Whoa! Oh!
Excuse me, sir.
Have you been waited on?
- Oh, no! Not you!
- Elmo: Grover!
Ohh. Be right back.
Whoa! Oh, no!
I've blown in a store!
Things are getting foggy
for me now. Whoa!
This sure is a strange way
to cross the street.
All I wanted to do was
to get to the other side.
Uh, where did
all this fog come from?
- Um--
- Well--
And fog!
Chris! Is that you?
I-- I cannot see anything!
- Chris!
- Yeah.
I'm afraid
this is my fault.
You see, fog is just a cloud
that's close to the ground.
Yeah, well,
this is some fog, all right.
Where's the door?
Oh, come on, everybody.
Follow Elmo's voice.
- Follow Elmo's voice.
Not mine.
Yours?
- No, Elmo's.
- Elmo.
- Oh, yeah.
Oh, I see the light!
Yes! Yes! Ha ha ha! Made it.
Wow. Ha ha ha!
That was something.
Mr. Johnson:
Where's my ice cream?!
All:
Oh! Coming, sir!
- Wait.
- Yeah, that's me.
Oh. You got it.
It was very kind
of you to try
to help me, Elmo and Grover.
- Aw.
- Oh, boy.
- Yeah.
Well, it looks like there's
no jobs out there for someone
who is completely made
of floating drops of water.
- Oh.
I have a great job for you--
being a cloud.
Yeah, yeah.
Clouds are super important.
Clouds give-- Let's see,
they give rain
for plants and flowers
to grow, they give shade
so we can stay cool when it's
super hot and sunny outside.
- That is fascinating.
- Yeah!
Think about it.
Without clouds,
it would be really, really hot.
Clouds are super kind
to people and to the Earth.
Wow!
Did you hear that?
Hey! I better get back to work.
- Yeah.
That would be great.
We could all use some shade.
Boy, Elmo's going
to miss Floatie.
Aw.
Well,
I'm not going very far.
If you want to see me,
just look up, Elmo.
Ooh! Good-bye, Grover.
Thanks for helping me.
Good-bye, Chris.
Good-bye again, Elmo!
- Bye-bye!
- See ya!
- Bye-bye.
- Thanks for the shade!
- Bye, Floatie.
Hey, it's starting
to get cooler already.
- Hey, yeah!
- Oh, yeah.
Hey, guys,
who wants ice cream?
- Oh, Elmo does!
- Come on!
Elmo wants some
chocolate fudge shortbread.
Do you know
what time it is?
♪ Hold tight, it's time
for the letter of the day ♪
- ♪ That's right ♪
- ♪ It's time for the
letter of the day, I say ♪
♪ 'Cause the letter
of the day ♪
♪ Is on its way, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
♪ It's time to sing ♪
♪ It's time to tweet ♪
♪ It's time to
get up on your feet ♪
- ♪ And give a cheer ♪
- ♪ Loud and clear ♪
♪ Because the letter
of the day is here ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
- ♪ It's here ♪
- ♪ The letter
of the day is here ♪
Abby:
It's the letter "C"!
All:
Yay, "C"!
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
- ♪ It's here ♪
- ♪ The letter
of the day is here ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
- ♪ It's here ♪
♪ 'Cause the letter
of the day is here ♪
All: "C"!
♪ "C" is for cloud ♪
♪ Up in the sky ♪
♪ Drifting with the wind ♪
♪ Just floating on by ♪
♪ Clouds full of raindrops ♪
♪ Ready to fall ♪
♪ Bringing water,
clean, clean water ♪
♪ Down to us all ♪
♪ And that is why, I, I ♪
♪ When I see a cloud, I, I, I ♪
♪ Say, "Thank you, cloud" ♪
♪ "Thank you, cloud" ♪
♪ You give us rain to help
the flowers grow ♪
♪ Thank you, cloud ♪
♪ You fill the lakes and make
the rivers flow ♪
♪ Thank you, cloud ♪
♪ Thank you for
the raindrops from above ♪
♪ Giving us
the water we drink ♪
♪ And the world
of nature to love ♪
♪ Say, "Thank you, cloud" ♪
♪ Thank you, cloud ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Thank you ♪
♪ For the ponds
and the streams now ♪
♪ Thank you ♪
♪ For the Earth growing
green now ♪
♪ Thank you, cloud ♪
- Ha ha ha!
- Yeah!
Announcer: "Smart Cookies,"
starring Figby,
Miss Fortune, Chipowski,
and Cookie Monster.
Will the smart cookies
catch the crumb?
Find out on
"Smart Cookies."
All:
Smart cookies!
Oh! Smart cookies,
thank goodness you're here.
You must protect
my latest masterpiece--
"the Venus
de Marshmallow."
Oh, marshmallows
look delicious!
- Ahh!
- Aah! Don't eat my sculpture.
Cookie Monster,
control yourself!
And whatever you do,
do not let the crumb near
that sculpture.
Right. Crumb!
And he is...
Aw, you're
kidding me, right?
He looks like this.
H-How could you
possibly forget?
Maybe me remember better
if me had
chewy cookie snack.
Aah! Stay away
from my figgy center!
Rookie, focus.
Yeah, yeah.
And watch
out for The Crumb.
Right. Yeah.
No worry, Chipowski.
Crumb never
gonna get by me.
- ♪ Dum dee dum ♪
- Whoa!
Oof!
Ohh, Ohh.
Oh! Hi!
Uh, pardon me.
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, wait a minute.
- Hold on second.
Me have to check
and see if you
guy in picture named Crumb.
- You.
Let's see here.
You have same nose as Crumb,
same eyes as Crumb,
and same ears as Crumb.
But I have a mustache!
Oh, yeah!
Guy in picture
no got mustache.
- No.
- OK.
Come on in, fella.
Ha! Hee hee hee!
I fooled him
with facial hair!
Ha! Now behold my latest
bad baked good--
the Cloud Cookie.
Aah!
The Crumb
strikes again!
Oh! Oh, it's raining
in my art gallery.
It's gonna destroy
my beautiful sculpture.
Stop the rainng cookie,
Smart Cookies.
Oh, me know
how to solve this problem.
Cowabunga!
Oh. That's unfortunate.
Every smart cookie
knows you can't just
reach a cloud cookie
just by jumping.
It's too high.
You gotta stop
and think this through.
Oh!
I'm getting a clue.
if you want to stop
a cloud cookie,
you need something
really long?
Now me know what me need!
- Ah ha ha!
Yeah. Now me have
luxurious, long hair.
Cowabunga!
Ohh. Ohh.
- Fuzzball.
How is long hair
gonna help you stop
a cloud cookie?
Me not know.
Oh, Figby
can you pull up
any other
things that are long?
Searching now!
Oh! A boat can be long.
Oh. Oh!
A pole can also be long.
Mm-hmm.
Ooh! And a train
can be long.
Oh!
"The Venus de Marshmallow's"
arm!
Me know
what long thing to use.
I'm in trouble.
- Oh!
- Ow!
Me stop cloud cookie
with long boat.
Cowabunga!
Oh, OK. Why long boat not work?
Stop and
think it through, rookie.
The boat is long this way.
The cloud cookie is up high,
so we need something long
this way
so we can reach up high.
Oh!
Save "The Venus
de Marshmallow"
before it's too late!
OK.
Me go get long train.
Wait a minute.
Me better stop
and think it through.
Yeah. Train is long this way.
Me need something long
this  way to reach up high.
Ooh. Pole look like it
reach something up high.
Me try pole.
Way to think
it through, rookie.
OK.
Me got long pole.
Now what?
This!
Oh!
Drat! But I'll
get you next time!
Eewwww!
- Get him!
- Wait!
All:
No need for thank you!
But--
what about the arms?
Oh, yeah! Delicious!
Ahh, num num um
num num num num!
♪ Yum, yum, yum,
dum dee dee dum ♪
♪ How many cookies
are there today? ♪
All: ♪ Yum, yum, yum,
dum dee dee dum ♪
♪ How many cookies today? ♪
- ♪ While they still baking ♪
- ♪ Bake, bake, bake, bake ♪
♪ Let's do some shaking ♪
- ♪ Shake, shake, shake, shake ♪
All: ♪ Bake-a, bake-a,
bake, shake, shake ♪
♪ How many cookies today? ♪
- ♪ While they still baking ♪
- ♪ Bake, bake, bake, bake ♪
- ♪ Let's do some more shaking ♪
- ♪ Shake, shake, shake, shake ♪
♪ Bake-a, bake-a,
bake, shake, shake ♪
♪ How many cookies today? ♪
- ♪ Me think they're ready ♪
- ♪ Everybody steady ♪
The Count: 19!
- Cookies!
Ahh, nom nom! Nom nom!
Ohh! Nom nom nom nom!
Nom nom nom nom nom nom!
All: ♪ Yum, yum, yum,
dum dee dee dum ♪
♪ That's how many
cookies there are today ♪
All: 19!
Boy: 1.
2.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9,
10, 11, 12, 13, 14,
15, 16, 17, 18, 19.
19.
♪ La la la la
la la la la ♪
♪ Elmo's full
of wonder ♪
♪ Wonder what
we will discover ♪
♪ In Elmo's Wonderful World ♪
Ha ha ha! Hi!
Welcome to Elmo's World!
Oh, guess what Elmo is
wondering about today.
Wait for it.
Wai-ai-ait for it!
Oh, ho ho ho!
♪ Sunny day, thinkin'
'bout clouds today ♪
That's right. Clouds.
Boy, Elmo loves clouds
and wants to find out
more about them.
Let's ask Elmo's friend,
Smartie.
Let's call her together.
♪ Oh, Smartie ♪
( "Elmo's World"
plays on bells )
Hey! Look what
the wind blew in.
Me! A cloud! 'Cause wind
can move clouds.
Oh, ho ho!
Well, that's perfect, Smartie,
because Elmo wants to learn
more about clouds today.
Well, what do we do
to learn something new?
All:
We look it up!
Searching for clouds.
Here we go.
Clouds are made up
of lots of tiny drops of water
that float in the air.
When clouds look dark gray,
and water falls down,
it's rain or sometimes snow.
Some clouds
are white and puffy.
Those are cumulus clouds.
Other clouds look thin
and feathery.
They're called cirrus clouds.
Fog is a kind of cloud
that's low to the ground.
One of the best parts
about clouds is
it's fun to find shapes
in clouds.
Hey, that cloud kind of looks
like someone I know.
- Kids: Elmo!
- Smartie: Elmo.
Boy, that was so much fun!
Time for me
to blow on out of here.
See you later, Elmo.
Oh, ho ho ho!
Thank you, Smartie.
Bye-bye!
Ha ha! Boy, Elmo never knew that
you could see shapes in clouds.
Hey! That gives Elmo an idea.
Ho ho! Let's play
a game together.
Yeah. Come on, come on.
Ha ha!
Sometimes clouds look
like things.
Let's see if we
can find the shapes
of all of these animals
in the clouds that float by.
Are you ready?
Let's play.
Girl: Let's see.
That cloud doesn't look
like anything.
Elmo: Oh, here comes
another one.
Does this cloud look like
one of the animals?
Girl 2: That cloud looks
like it has long ears,
like the bunny rabbit.
Yeah, it does look
like a bunny rabbit!
Ooh, let's look for
another animal shape.
Boy: Ooh, there.
Look at that cloud.
It looks like the bird.
Hey, yeah!
That looks like a birdie.
OK, one animal shape left.
Girl: Oh, look.
It's the elephant.
You're right!
It does look like
an elephant!
Yay! We did it!
Oh, good job, everybody!
Boy, that was cool!
Snow comes from clouds.
Rain comes from clouds.
Oh, hey!
That makes Elmo
wonder even more.
Oh, what does Mr. Noodle do
when it rains?
Oh, let's ask him.
Hey, Mr. Noodle!
Oh, ho ho!
It's Mr. Noodle's
poodle, Schmoodle.
- Hi there, Schmoodle.
Schmoodle, that looks
like a rain cloud.
What does Schmoodle do
when it rains?
Girl: He looks like
he's at the beach!
Elmo: You don't go to
the beach when it rains.
What do you do when it
rains, Schmoodle?
Boy:
Ha ha ha! Look!
He's all ready to play
in the snow.
Elmo: That's what you do
when it snows,
but what does Schmoodle
do when it rains?
Girl 2:
That's more like it.
He's wearing a raincoat.
That'll keep him dry.
Boy: Going in his doghouse
will keep him dry, too.
- Boy: Looks like
Schmoodle likes
to have a dance party
on rainy days.
Rainy days can be fun!
Thank you, Schmoodle.
Bye-bye!
- Boy.
Learning new things
makes Elmo so happy,
it makes him want to dance.
Come on!
♪ Happy, happy dance, dance ♪
♪ Happy, happy
dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn something new,
we do the happy dance dance ♪
Let's see your happy dance!
Yeah! Cool! See you next time.
Keep learning. Elmo loves you.
♪ Happy, happy dance, dance ♪
♪ Happy, happy
dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn something new,
we do the happy dance dance ♪
Yay!
Hey there.
We hope you had fun
finding out about clouds
with us today,
like this cumulonimbus.
Say, Bert, it looks
like you're ready for rain.
That's right. I don't want
this cloud to rain on me.
But Bert, there's no rain
coming from this cloud.
Whew! Oh, good.
!
- Nope, just snow.
See you next time
on "Sesame Street."
♪ Come on
and move your body ♪
♪ And use your mind ♪
♪ Because you know
you are growing ♪
♪ All the time ♪
♪ You're getting smarter ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On "Sesame Street" ♪
♪ Be kind at home
and when you play ♪
♪ Try some sharing
and caring every day ♪
- ♪ You're getting smarter ♪
- ♪ Smarter ♪
- ♪ Stronger ♪
- ♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On "Sesame Street" ♪
- ♪ Smarter ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
- ♪ Stronger ♪
- ♪ Kinder ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ On "Sesame Street" ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪